# CreditCard Application

The CreditCard Application is a sample project designed to illustrate the process of using AI-powered tools for test generation, API specification creation, source code generation, and karate api test generation. This project was developed using various tools, including RoostGPT, an AI Test Generator, OpenAPI Generator, and GitHub CoPilot.

## Development Process

The development process for this project followed the following steps:

1. **Functional Test Generation**: RoostGPT was used to generate functional tests for the login functionality, resulting in a feature file (Gherkin scenarios) and an API specification file.

  This was the user description in jira ticket.
  
```
  Fetch the credit card due date and balance for a given credit card
  Arrange for a call to the user if the balance is unpaid and overdue
  Once payment is collected, update the card balance

```


  The API spec and feature file is being stored in functional_tests folder in root level generated by RoostGPT.


2. **Source Code Generation**: The API specification file was used with the OpenAPI Generator to generate the initial source code for the application. The command used was:

  ```openapi-generator generate -i functional_tests/ZBIO-5137.yaml  -g spring -o . --additional-properties=javaVersion=1.8```

3. **Code Enhancement**: GitHub CoPilot was utilized to resolve issues and add logic to the generated source code, enhancing its functionality.

4. **Karate API Test Generation**: RoostGPT was employed to generate Karate API tests for the API specification file(functional_tests/ZBIO-5137.yaml) generated by the RoostGPT, ensuring api test scenarios. 

This development lifecycle showcases the power of AI-powered tools in streamlining various stages of the software development process, from test generation to code generation and enhancement.

## Getting Started

To get started with the CreditCard Application, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```git clone https://github.com/roost-io/CreditCard.git```

2. Build the project using maven:

 ```mvn install``` or ```mvn compile```

3. Run the application:

```mvn spring-boot:run```

4. Run Karate Tests:
  
  Install Prism (https://github.com/stoplightio/prism) for mocking server -
  
   ```npm install -g @stoplight/prism-cli```

  Start prism mock server - 
  
  ```prism mock functional_tests/ZBIO-5137.yaml```

  Export hosted API_HOST and AUTH_TOKEN -
    
  ```
  export API_HOST=http://127.0.0.1:4010 
  export AUTH_TOKEN=token
  ```

  Run tests -
    
  ```mvn test```

  Analyse test report -
    
  ```target/karate-reports/karate-summary.html```

5. Explore the code, tests, and documentation to understand the implementation details and the AI-powered tools used in the development process.

# Acknowledgments

We would like to acknowledge the following tools and resources used in the development of this project:

- [RoostGPT](https://www.roost.ai/) - An AI Test Generator used for functional test and api tests generation.
- [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech/) - A tool used for generating source code from API specifications.
- [GitHub CoPilot](https://pilot.github.com/) - An AI-powered coding assistant used for code enhancement and issue resolution.
